Research Engineer, Language - Generative AI

Sobre a vaga
Meta is seeking a Research Engineer to join our Large Language Model (LLM) Research team. We conduct focused research and engineering to build state-of-the-art LLMs, which we often open-source, like our team’s recent Llama 2. We are looking for strong engineers who have a background in generative AI and NLP, with experience in areas like language model evaluation; data processing for pre-training and fine-tuning; responsible LLMs; LLM alignment; reinforcement learning for language model tuning; efficient training and inference; and/or multilingual and multimodal modeling.

Research Engineer, Language - Generative AI Responsibilities:

    Design methods, tools, and infrastructure to push forward the state of the art in large language models.
    Define research goals informed by practical engineering concerns.
    Contribute to experiments, including designing experimental details, writing reusable code, running evaluations, and organizing results.
    Adapt standard machine learning methods to best exploit modern parallel environments (e.g. distributed clusters, multicore SMP, and GPU).
    Work with a large and globally distributed team.
    Contribute to publications and open-sourcing efforts.

Minimum Qualifications:

    Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, relevant technical field, or equivalent practical experience.
    Research experience in machine learning, deep learning, and/or natural language processing.
    Experience with developing machine learning models at scale from inception to business impact.
    Programming experience in Python and hands-on experience with frameworks such as PyTorch.
    Exposure to architectural patterns of large scale software applications.
    Must obtain work authorization in the country of employment at the time of hire, and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment.

Preferred Qualifications:

    Master's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, relevant technical field, or equivalent practical experience.
    A PhD in AI, computer science, data science, or related technical fields.
    Direct experience in generative AI and LLM research.
    First author publications at peer-reviewed AI conferences (e.g., NeurIPS, CVPR, ICML, ICLR, ICCV, and ACL).

About Meta:

Meta builds technologies that help people connect, find communities, and grow businesses. When Facebook launched in 2004, it changed the way people connect. Apps like Messenger, Instagram and WhatsApp further empowered billions around the world. Now, Meta is moving beyond 2D screens toward immersive experiences like augmented and virtual reality to help build the next evolution in social technology. People who choose to build their careers by building with us at Meta help shape a future that will take us beyond what digital connection makes possible today—beyond the constraints of screens, the limits of distance, and even the rules of physics.

Individual compensation is determined by skills, qualifications, experience, and location. Compensation details listed in this posting reflect the base hourly rate, monthly rate, or annual salary only, and do not include bonus, equity or sales incentives, if applicable. In addition to base compensation, Meta offers benefits. Learn more about  benefits  at Meta.
